docs: note that changing encryption option settings for existing clusters is not dangerous (#13824)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/ceph-cluster-crd.md

      See the kernel requirements above for encryption.

!!! caution

>     Except for encryption settings changing networking configuration after a Ceph cluster has been deployed is *NOT*

Reviewer: The wording is tricky. How about this?
```suggestion
    Changing networking configuration after a Ceph cluster has been deployed is only supported for the network encryption settings. Changing other network settings is *NOT* supported and will result in a non-functioning cluster.
```

!!! caution
    Changing networking configuration after a Ceph cluster has been deployed is NOT

>     supported except for encryption settings and will result in a non-functioning cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Except for encryption settings changing networking configuration after a Ceph cluster has been deployed is *NOT* supported and will result in a non-functioning cluster.
```
what about this?
